Tradition. The ancient traditions of worship and sacrifice must be preserved and upheld.
Charity. I always try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost.
Change. We must help bring about the changes the gods are constantly working in the world.
Power. I hope to one day rise to the top of my faith's religious hierarchy.
Faith. I trust that my deity will guide my actions. I have faith that if I work hard, things will go well.
Aspiration. I seek to prove myself worthy of my god's favor by matching my actions against his or her teachings.
Discovery. I want to be the first person to discover a lost culture.
Distance. One must not interfere with the affairs of another culture - even one in need of aid.
Knowledge. By understanding other races and cultures, we learn to understand ourselves.
Power. Common people crave strong leadership, and I do my utmost to provide it.
Protection. I must do everything possible to save a society facing extinction.
Indifferent. Life is cruel. What's the point in saving people if they're going to die anyway?
Preservation. That artifact belongs in a museum.
Greed. I won't risk my life for nothing. I expect some kind of payment.
Death Wish. Nothing is more exhilarating than a narrow escape from the jaws of death.
Dignity. The dead and their belongings deserve to be treated with respect.
Immortality. All of my exploring is part of a plan to find the secret of everlasting life.
Danger. With every great discovery comes grave danger. The two walk hand in hand.
Competition. I strive to test myself in all things.
Triumph. The best part of winning is seeing my rivals brought low.
Camaraderie. The strongest bonds are forged through struggle.
People. I strive to inspire my spectators.
Tradition. Every game has rules, and the playing field must be level.
Growth. Lessons hide in victory and defeat.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Order. The law is meant to ensure that the gears of society turn smoothly and quietly.
Peace. The ultimate object of the law is to remove violence from society.
Compliance. Coercion is a fine way of ensuring that the laws are obeyed.
Legislation. The law embodies excellence in its precision and detail.
Punishment. A public display of consequences is an excellent deterrent for other criminals.
Suspicious. In my experience, everybody has something to hide, and what they hide can usually hurt me.
Secretive. I trade in secrets, and am not about to let any of mine slip.
Hedonist. Life is short. I live my life to the fullest, as I know any day could be my last.
Selfless. I use my position to help the downtrodden avoid persecution from the authorities.
Patriotic. I am a loyal supporter of home nation and its leaders, and see my role as a solemn duty and necessary evil to prevent anarchy.
Manipulative. I use my knowledge to blackmail and manipulate others to my own benefit.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Justice. Achieving justice requires establishing fair, equitable, and compassionate relationships within a community.
Protection. It isn't right for innocents to suffer because of the arrogance of the powerful.
Solidarity. It is most crucial to act with a single will, marching side by side in perfect accord.
Order. Society functions only if people do their duty and respect the chain of command.
Conviction. Anything worth doing is worth doing with your whole heart.
Service. Using my talents to help others is the best way of helping myself.
Selfish. What people don't know WILL hurt them, but why is that my problem?
Wanderer. I go where the road takes me. Sometimes that's a good thing...
Fittest. On the open road, the law of nature wins. Victims are the unprepared.
Focused. I simply have a job to do, and I'm going to do it.
Motivated. There's a reason I'm good at what I do, I pay attention to the details.
Power. The only way to get ahead in this world is to attain power and hold onto it with all your might.
Peace. Those who can find or make peace in the chaotic world around them have everything.
Fame. I've seen what fame can bring. And I'll do anything to get all that for myself.
Training. Hard work, sacrifice, and training lead to success—and eventually to perfection.
Anonymity. I want to be successful. And alone. With lots of guards and wards between me and everyone else in the world.
Wisdom. Material wealth is an illusion. Wisdom is the real treasure.
Independence. I am a free spirit—no one tells me what to do.
Fairness. I never target people who can't afford to lose a few coins.
Charity. I distribute the money I acquire to the people who really need it.
Creativity. I never run the same con twice.
Friendship. Material goods come and go. Bonds of friendship last forever.
Aspiration. I'm determined to make something of myself.
Patient. The elves have taught me to think and plan for the long-term.
Rebellious. Governments and politicians drove my family to the camps. I subtly defy authority whenever I think I can get away with it.
Self - Absorbed. I've had to look out for number one so long that it has become second nature.
Wanderlust. I want to see as much of the world beyond the camps as I can.
Generous. I give everything I can to help those in need, regardless of who they are.
To the Abyss with Them. The people of Hillsfar cast me out. I won't risk my hide to help them.
Honor. I don't steal from others in the trade.
Freedom. Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them.
Charity. I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need.
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy.
People. I'm loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can take a trip down the Styx for all I care.
Redemption. There's a spark of good in everyone.
Guild. My true guild is all that really matters.
Control. I like pulling the strings.
Secrets. I collect secrets and never reveal them.
Knowledge. I want to know as much as I can about this city and how it works.
Independence. I value the freedom to pursue my own goals without interference.
Nihilism. I don't believe in anything, and anyone who does is a fool.
Survivor. No matter the cost, I will take any action necessary to survive.
Independence. When in trouble, the only person I can rely on is myself.
Compassionate. I have suffered long at the hands of a Dragon, and take pity and compassion on the suffering of others.
Secretive. I am withdrawn, and hide my monstrous appearance for fear of drawing unwanted attention.
Justice. I have been wronged, and will not allow the same fate to befall others.
Sycophant. During my ordeal, I became a willing servant of the Maimed Virulence, and spy on his behalf.
Generosity. The riches of the earth are to be shared by all.
Greed. Gems and precious metals, I want them all for myself.
Mooch. Property, schmoperty. If I need it, I take and use it. If I don't, I leave it for someone else.
Boundaries. Everything and everyone has its prescribed place; I respect that and expect others to do the same.
Let it Be. I don't meddle in the affairs of others if I can avoid it. They're none of my business.
Materialist. I want riches to improve my life.
Beauty. When I perform, I make the world better than it was.
Tradition. The stories, legends, and songs of the past must never be forgotten, for they teach us who we are.
Creativity. The world is in need of new ideas and bold action.
Greed. I'm only in it for the money and fame.
People. I like seeing the smiles on people's faces when I perform. That's all that matters.
Honesty. Art should reflect the soul; it should come from within and reveal who we really are.
Justice. Place in society shouldn't determine one's access to what is right.
Security. Doing what must be done can't bring the innocent to harm.
Confusion. Deception is a weapon. Strike from where your foes won't expect.
Infamy. My name will be a malediction, a curse that fulfills my will.
Incorruptibility. Be a symbol, and leave your flawed being behind.
Anonymity. It's my deeds that should be remembered, not their instrument.
Survival. Where there's life, there's hope. If I remain alive and flexible, I can succeed.
Generosity. People helped me when I was down. Now that I'm back on my feet, I'll pay it forward.
Excitement. Caution got me nowhere in my previous business. I'm not going to let it hold me back now.
Wealth. With enough coin, I can buy comfort, power, knowledge, and even eternal life. Nothing will stand between me and money.
Stability. The mercantile trade was too chaotic for me. I need a nice stable profession, like adventuring.
Redemption. Too many people consider me a failure. So I need to prove them wrong.
Open. I have much to learn from the kindly folk I meet along my way.
Reserved. As someone new to these strange lands, I am cautious and respectful in my dealings.
Adventure. I'm far from home, and everything is strange and wonderful!
Cunning. Though I may not know their ways, neither do they know mine, which can be to my advantage.
Inquisitive. Everything is new, but I have a thirst to learn.
Suspicious. I must be careful, for I have no way of telling friend from foe here.
Friendship. I never leave a friend behind.
Empathy. No creature should be made to suffer.
Wanderlust. I prefer to take the less traveled path.
Changeability. Change is good, which is why I live by an ever-changing set of rules.
Honor. A deal is a deal, and I would never break one.
Rule of Three. Everything in the multiverse happens in threes. I see the "rule of three" everywhere.
Obsession. I won't let go of a grudge.
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to get what I want, regardless of the harm it might cause.
Camaraderie. Good people make even the longest voyage bearable.
Luck. Our luck depends on respecting its rules—now throw this salt over your shoulder.
Daring. The richest bounty goes to those who risk everything.
Plunder. Take all that you can and leave nothing for the scavengers.
Balance. Do not fish the same spot twice in a row; suppress your greed, and nature will reward you.
Hard Work. No wave can move a soul hard at work.
Respect. People deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.
Fairness. No one should get preferential treatment before the law, and no one is above the law.
Freedom. Tyrants must not be allowed to oppress the people.
Might. If I become strong, I can take what I want—what I deserve.
Sincerity. There's no good in pretending to be something I'm not.
Destiny. Nothing and no one can steer me away from my higher calling.
Knowledge. Knowledge is power, and knowing which horse to back is the key to success.
Fate. Whatever happens is fated, regardless of any planning or striving.
Bravery. If you want to succeed, you have to take risks.
Survival. You can't win if you're dead. Live to fight another day—when the odds might be more in your favor.
Reliability. When I was in need, I was able to rely on others. Now I want to be the one others rely on.
Victory. Winning is the real measure of a person. In the end, the only thing that matters is the scoreboard.
Loyal. I never rat out any of my friends.
Adventurous. I don't like doing the same thing every day. I crave variety.
Strong. Only the strong survive. I respect those who are strong and powerful.
Witty. Brains are better than brawn. I rely on my wits and respect others who do the same.
Honest. Others can do what they want, but I won't lie or steal, even to feed my family.
Ungrateful. Those who give, only do it to make themselves feel better. I steal from them.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Stoicism. All of us are part of the cyclical march of nature, which will continue with or without us.
Nature. The natural world is more important than the edifices of the city and civilization.
Interdependence. We are all part of nature's web.
Ambition. The time of Golgari ascendance is at hand, and I intend to have a prominent place in the new world order.
Live and Let Live. Meddling in the affairs of other guilds is a great way to get squashed like a bug.
Revolution. Tyrants must fall, no matter the cost.
Compassion. The only way to make a better world is to perform small kindnesses.
Justice. A nation built upon just foundations will uphold freedom for all.
Expression. Music, joy, and laughter are the keys to freedom.
Self-Determination. People should be free to do as they please.
Vigilance. A free people must be carefully taught, lest they be misled.
Clan. My clan is all that really matters.
Anarchy. No person or law or custom can tell another what to do.
Nature. We weren't born tame or domesticated, so we shouldn't have to live that way.
Might. The strongest are meant to dominate the weak.
Rage. AAAAAARRRRggggh! [To live is to feel and express the rage burning in your belly.]
Tradition. The Old Ways must be preserved and upheld.
Community. It is the duty of all civilized people to strengthen the bonds of community and the security of civilization.
Generosity. My talents were given to me so that I could use them to benefit the world.
Freedom. Everyone should be free to pursue his or her own livelihood.
Greed. I'm only in it for the money.
People. I'm committed to the people I care about, not to ideals.
Aspiration. I work hard to be the best there is at my craft.
Calm. For all things, there is a tide. I set sail when it is right, and mend my nets when it is not.
Windblown. I go where the winds blow. No man or woman tells me where or when to sail.
Aspiring. I will gain the favor of a Zor or Zora patron, maybe even one of the Blades!
Salty. I want people to look to me as an expert on plying Mulmaster Harbor.
Selfless. We are all children of the sea. I help everyone in peril afloat and ashore.
Let them Drown. I refuse to risk my hide to help others. They wouldn't help me if roles were reversed.
Adrenaline. I've experienced such strangeness that now I feel alive only in extreme situations.
Balance. I strive to counter the deeds of someone for whom I feel responsible.
Bound. I've wronged someone and must work their will to avoid their curse.
Escape. I believe there is something beyond the world I know, and I need to find it.
Legacy. I must do something great so that I'm remembered, and my time is running out.
Misdirection. I work vigorously to keep others from realizing my flaws or misdeeds.
Obsession. I've lived this way for so long that I can't imagine another way.
Obligation. I owe it to my people, faith, family, or teacher to continue a vaunted legacy.
Promise. My life is no longer my own. I must fulfill the dream of someone who's gone.
Revelation. I need to know what lies beyond the mysteries of death, the world, or the Mists.
Sanctuary. I know the forces at work in the world and strive to create islands apart from them.
Truth. I care about the truth above all else, even if it doesn't benefit anyone.
Greater Good. My gifts are meant to be shared with all, not used for my own benefit.
Logic. Emotions must not cloud our sense of what is right and true, or our logical thinking.
Free Thinking. Inquiry and curiosity are the pillars of progress.
Power. Solitude and contemplation are paths toward mystical or magical power.
Live and Let Live. Meddling in the affairs of others only causes trouble.
Self-Knowledge. If you know yourself, there's nothing left to know.
Frugal. I spend my money very carefully.
Profligate. I tend to spend extravagantly.
Honest. I deal with others above board.
Sharp. I seek to make the best deal possible.
Charitable. I give generously to others.
Greedy. I do not share my wealth with others.
Fair. I think everyone deserves to be treated fairly. I don't play favorites.
Impulsive. Planning is often a waste of time. No plan survives contact with reality. It's easier to dive in and deal with the consequences.
Curious. I want to learn as much as I can about the people and places I encounter.
Prepared. I think success depends on preparing as much as possible in advance.
Respectful. I think everyone deserves to be treated with respect and dignity, regardless of their race, creed, color, or origin.
Corrupt. I will break the law or act dishonestly if the money is right.
Common Good. My house serves a vital function, and its prosperity will help everyone.
Tradition. I uphold traditions of my house and bring honor to my family.
Innovation. Abandon old traditions and find better ways to do things.
Power. I want to ensure the prosperity of my house and wield its power myself.
Discovery. I want to learn all I can, both for my house and for my own curiosity.
Comfort. I want to ensure that me and mine enjoy the best things in life.
Solidarity. The thing that matters most of all is that we're there for each other.
Knowledge. The world is a puzzle—a mystery waiting to be solved.
Strength. All that matters to me is my own perfection. Let everyone else seek that perfection in their own way.
Ambition. I'm going to prove that I deserve only the best—of everything.
Zeal. Anything worth doing is worth throwing my whole self into.
Redemption. I will train all the harder to make up for the doubt I entertained when I was younger.
Adrenaline. I've experienced such strangeness that now I feel alive only in extreme situations.
Balance. I strive to counter the deeds of someone for whom I feel responsible.
Bound. I've wronged someone and must work their will to avoid their curse.
Escape. I believe there is something beyond the world I know, and I need to find it.
Legacy. I must do something great so that I'm remembered, and my time is running out.
Misdirection. I work vigorously to keep others from realizing my flaws or misdeeds.
Obsession. I've lived this way for so long that I can't imagine another way.
Obligation. I owe it to my people, faith, family, or teacher to continue a vaunted legacy.
Promise. My life is no longer my own. I must fulfill the dream of someone who's gone.
Revelation. I need to know what lies beyond the mysteries of death, the world, or the aether.
Sanctuary. I know the forces at work in the world and strive to create islands apart from them.
Truth. I care about the truth above all else, even if it doesn't benefit anyone.
Loyalty. Never bite the hand that feeds.
Unpredictability. Keep your enemy guessing and off-balance like a confused deer.
Power. I strive to become leader of the pack at all costs.
Freedom. I bow to no one I don't respect.
Resourcefulness. Our wits are our most valuable resource in troubled times.
Unity. Lone wolves fail where the pack succeeds.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Creativity. Half the world's troubles come from stodgy thinking, stuck in the past. We need innovative solutions.
Discovery. Every experiment has the potential to reveal more secrets of the multiverse.
Science. A rigorous application of logical principles and protocols will lead us toward progress more surely than any belief system.
Fun. I love my job! Despite the dangerous working conditions, there's nothing I'd rather do.
Power. Someday I'll find or create the magic that will make me the most powerful being in Ravnica.
Teamwork. Success depends on cooperation and communication.
Code. The marines' code provides a solution for every problem, and following it is imperative.
Embracing. Life is messy. Throwing yourself into the worst of it is necessary to get the job done.
Might. The strong train so that they might rule those who are weak.
Bravery. To act when others quake in fear—this is the essence of the warrior.
Perseverance. No injury or obstacle can turn me from my goal.
Generous. I have a responsibility to help and protect the less fortunate.
Loyal. My word, once given, is my bond.
Callous. I am unconcerned with any negative effects my actions may have on the lives and fortunes of others.
Impulsive. I follow my heart.
Ignorant. Explanations bore me.
Isolationist. I am concerned with the fortunes of my friends and family. Others must see to themselves.
Respect. Respect is due to me because of my position, but all people regardless of station deserve to be treated with dignity.
Responsibility. It is my duty to respect the authority of those above me, just as those below me must respect mine.
Independence. I must prove that I can handle myself without coddling from my family.
Power. If I can attain more power, no one will tell me what to do.
Family. Blood runs thicker than water.
Noble Obligation. It is my duty to protect and care for the people beneath me.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Wealth. I will do whatever it takes to become as rich as the oligarchs.
Power. One day, I will be the one giving orders.
Prestige. I want to be admired, respected, feared, or even hated for my position and wealth.
Stability. The economy functions best when chaos is kept under control and everyone knows their place.
Eternity. I want to live forever—in the flesh as long as possible, and as a spirit afterward.
Change. Life is like the seasons, in constant change, and we must change with it.
Greater Good. It is each person's responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe.
Honor. If I dishonor myself, I dishonor my whole clan.
Might. The strongest are meant to rule.
Nature. The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization.
Glory. I must earn glory in battle, for myself and my clan.
Leadership. The oppressed need someone to inspire them to courageous acts.
Unpredictability. Keeping the enemy guessing and off-balance is my tactical strength.
Determination. Threats to my home must be eliminated at all costs.
Freedom. Those who are enslaved and unjustly imprisoned deserve my aid.
Resourcefulness. Our wits are our most valuable resource in troubled times.
Unity. Working together, we can overcome all obstacles, even the most seemingly insurmountable ones.
Justice. Corruption brought nearby city down, I will not tolerate that any longer.
Acceptance. Stability is a myth, to think you can control your future is futile.
Hope. I am guided by a higher power and I trust that everything will be right in the end.
Restraint. I hate those who caused my loss. It is all I can do not to lash out at them.
Strength. As shown in Phlan, the strong survive. If you are weak you deserve what you get
Openness. I am always willing to share my life story with anyone who will listen.
Justice. Those who break the law need to answer for their crimes.
Freedom. People must have the freedom to do what they want and pursue their dreams.
Greed. Everyone I see is getting theirs, so I'm surely going to get mine.
Chaos. You're out of order! And you're out of order! This whole realm is out of order!
Humility. I'm just a small part of a larger whole. So is everyone else.
Responsibility. We all have our roles to play. I'll hold up my end of the bargain.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Hedonism. Death comes for everyone, so take as much pleasure as you can from every moment of life.
Creativity. I strive to find more ways to express my art through pain—my own as well as others'.
Freedom. No one tells me what to do.
Equality. I want to see the world remade, with no guilds and no hierarchies.
Spectacle. People are inspired by the greatness they see in art.
Advancement. Money and power can be gained more easily within an organization. I plan to gain as much as possible.
Structure. Life goes much more smoothly when you follow the rules and work within a system.
Uncertainty. The more chaos that swirls around me, the more opportunities I can find to profit.
Justice. I can't stand people being treated unjustly. I do whatever it takes to stop injustice and those who flout the law.
Pleasure. What's the use of working hard and making money if you can't enjoy the finer things in life?
Power. Money is fine, but real power means never having to say you're sorry.
Knowledge. The path to power and self-improvement is through knowledge.
Beauty. What is beautiful points us beyond itself toward what is true.
Logic. Emotions must not cloud our logical thinking.
No Limits. Nothing should fetter the infinite possibility inherent in all existence.
Power. Knowledge is the path to power and domination.
Self-Improvement. The goal of a life of study is the betterment of oneself.
Respect. The thing that keeps a ship together is mutual respect between captain and crew.
Fairness. We all do the work, so we all share in the rewards.
Freedom. The sea is freedom—the freedom to go anywhere and do anything.
Mastery. I'm a predator, and the other ships on the sea are my prey.
People. I'm committed to my crewmates, not to ideals.
Aspiration. Someday, I'll own my own ship and chart my own destiny.
Quisling. Supporting the rulers of the land and following the laws is the road to salvation.
Scoflaw. The laws and lawmakers are corrupt. I follow laws only when it suits me.
Optimist. Everyone Is basically good. Though the government is misguided it will all be okay.
Secretive. I am in the habit of not talking about myself. My business is none of yours.
Heroic. I do everything I can to help non-humans, regardless of the personal cost to me.
Depraved. I have lost my moral compass. The ends justify most any means.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Harmony. Nothing is more beautiful than voices and actions aligned in common purpose.
Order. Like a well-pruned tree, society thrives when everything is kept in good order.
Life. Preserving life and nature is always a worthwhile endeavor.
Humility. Ambition and pride are the roots of strife.
Hope. I know even if I need do evil acts, history will be my redemption.
Dedicated. I can do anything I put my mind to
Exciting. I have found the truth of the Shadovar and want to share it with everyone.
Frugal. I horde my possessions knowing that someday I will be called upon to give everything I have to the cause
Eloquent. I use my words to sway others to my beliefs.
Compassionate. It is through love that others will join in our cause.
Crew. If everyone on deck pitches in, we'll never sink.
Careful Lines. A ship must be balanced according to the laws of the universe.
Invention. Make what you need out of whatever is at hand.
Perfection. To measure a being and find it lacking is the greatest disappointment.
Reflection. Muddied water always clears in time.
Hope. The horizon at sea holds the greatest promise.
Guild. My guild is all that really matters.
Change. All life is meant to progress toward perfection, and our work is to hurry it along—no matter what must be upended along the way.
Knowledge. Understanding the world is more important than what you do with your knowledge.
Greater Good. I want to reshape the world into higher forms of life so that all can enjoy evolution.
Logic. It's foolish to let emotions and principles interfere with the conclusions of logic.
Superiority. My vast intellect and strength are directed toward increasing my sway over others.
Wealth Heaps of coins in a secure vault is all I dream of.
Smuggler's Code I uphold the unwritten rules of the smugglers, who do not cheat one another or directly harm innocents.
All for a Coin I'll do nearly anything if it means I turn a profit.
Peace and Prosperity I smuggle only to achieve a greater goal that benefits my community.
People For all my many lies, I place a high value on friendship.
Daring I am most happy when risking everything.
Greater Good. Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of others.
Responsibility. I do what I must and obey just authority.
Independence. When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny.
Might. In life as in war, the stronger force wins.
Live and Let Live. Ideals aren't worth killing over or going to war for.
Nation. My city, nation, or people are all that matter.
Loss. I freely give those who offend me what was so brutally denied me, death.
Dedication. I never betray those who trust me.
Vengeance. I use any means to get information I need; I have been well taught.
Redemption. Everyone deserves a second chance.
Resilience. I can survive any challenge
Leadership. The best teams are made up of those that society has discarded.
Kinship. Family is most important in life. Though I may be far from my own, the bonds of family must be protected in others' lives as well.
Preservation. Nature must not be despoiled by encroaching civilization.
Wanderlust. One must expand their horizons by seeing the world and exploring.
Isolation. My tribe and its ways must be protected and shielded from outside influence.
Protection. Threats to the land and to the people must be dealt with at any and all costs.
Belonging: All creatures have a place in the world, so I strive to help others find theirs.
Hope. my job is to speak for the victim
Dedicated. Once I start an investigation, until told to do so, I do not quit, not matter where it leads.
Nation. My city, nation, or people are all that matter.
Mercenary. When I do investigations, I expect answers immediately.
Eloquent. I use my words to sway others to give me answers.
Might. It is through threats and force that I get my answers.
Respect. All people, rich or poor, deserve respect.
Community. We have to take care of each other, because no one else is going to do it.
Change. The low are lifted up, and the high and mighty are brought down. Change is the nature of things.
Retribution. The rich need to be shown what life and death are like in the gutters.
People. I help the people who help me—that's what keeps us alive.
Aspiration. I'm going to prove that I'm worthy of a better life.
Solidarity. The worthy must respect the worthy. In the afterlife, all will be united in goal and action.
Knowledge. The worthy shall cultivate a nimble mind, so as to perceive the wonders beyond imagination that wait in the afterlife.
Strength. The worthy shall hone a strong body that can withstand the boundless energies of the afterlife.
Ambition. The worthy shall strive for greatness, for supremacy in life leads to supremacy in the afterlife.
Zeal. The worthy shall rush to my god’s side with relentless passion, rising to overcome every obstacle in their way.
Order. The will of the crown is absolute.
True Loyalty. The Cerberus Assembly is greater than any power, even the crown.
Death. The penalty for disloyalty is death.
Determination. I cannot fail. Not ever.
Fear. People should not respect power. They should fear it.
Escape. The Volstrucker are pure evil! I can't atone for what I've done for them, but I can escape with my life.
Friendship. I never leave a friend behind.
Empathy. No creature should be made to suffer.
Wanderlust. I prefer to take the less traveled path.
Changeability. Change is good, which is why I live by an ever-changing set of rules.
Honor. A deal is a deal, and I would never break one.
Rule of Three. Everything in the multiverse happens in threes. I see the "rule of three" everywhere.
Obsession. I won't let go of a grudge.
Greed. I will do whatever it takes to get what I want, regardless of the harm it might cause.